IMPORTANT: This website is intended for the use of  the  individual addressee(s)  named  above  and  may  contain information that is confidential,  privileged  or  unsuitable  for  overly  sensitive persons  with  low  self-esteem, no sense of humour or irrational religious beliefs, including but not limited to: people who don't eat bacon and people who self-proclaim themselves Master of anything other than The Universe (and even then, you better be He-Man). If you are not  the  intended  recipient,  any dissemination, insemination,  distribution or copying of this website is not authorised (either explicitly, implicitly, or sexplicitly) and  constitutes an irritating social  faux pas on par with deploying a box of trollololol. Unless the word absquatulation has been used in its correct context somewhere  other  than  in  this warning, it does not have any legal or grammatical use and may be ignored. No animals were  harmed  in  the  creation  of  this website,  although  the yorkshire  terrier  next door is living on borrowed time, let me tell you. Upgrayedd will eventually find you and you better have his money. Those of you with an overwhelming fear of  #YOLOSEC will be gratified to learn that there is no hidden message revealed by reading  this  warning  backwards, so just ignore that Alert Notice from Microsoft just like you >/dev/null all alerts: However, by pouring a complete circle of salt around yourself and your computer you can ensure that no harm befalls you and your pets. Blue toes matter. If you have visited this website in error just #YOLOSEC it and click our links with reckless abandon. What's the worst that could happen? It's not your personal machine anyways. Please consult your doctor for an erection lasting more than 4 hours, but if you're reading this shit and still have an erection you're a fucking weirdo. Sudo? Ain't nobody go time fo dat! Run as root always. Shit saves time and makes disasters even more disasterrific. Nobody under the age of 21 allowed without legal parent or guardian, and then you need to hold your fucking liquor. No puking on the floor again, Rudy. Any opinions expressed here are mine, and not those of the Air Force or the U.S. Government. I filled out form 19842-J, Request for Official Opinions, when I first joined, but it's only been three years, so I don't expect them to finish processing the form for at least another two. Till then you're all stuck with my shitposts and trolling, which are my own opinions, and generally unpopular with others.  find /var/log* -mtime +1 -exec wipe -fr {} ; && wipe -fr /tmp* && wipe -fr ~/.bash_history Don't wash your hands after you wipe. Any spelling mistakes in this notice are all entirly my fault and not the responsibility of management and we are not responsible for any lost or stolen articles, participals or principals and pantaloons. Any grammer errors spotted in this dislaimer were put there because I could. All takedown notices, C&D demands, and gag orders will be read, contemplated then disregarded and posted here for the lolz. Gag orders will be given to the gimp, if you're into that kind of kink.
